U
Hello, this is a shrewd portal site early
Now there is a good concept of id things . As the temperature rises,
It's getting better and the company started.
I think you guys are sympathetic to the importance of tires.
But when the specific information was 02
The government wanted to tell you, from 9 to Mission
The kind of botox ipl tie is then according to whether it is noah '
There is
It's complicated and difficult, but judging the right tire for you
It's not difficult
You can judge it as a marker map by appearing next to the tar
What does it mean to be a timed table 10?
First of all, let's see if it's a big place.
Looking at the side of the tire ,
You can see the number 80 b16 mc 77 h in the slush place
First, I will explain this from a large number 150 indicating the width of the tire
It is.
That's a 150ml mark. The higher the number, the thicker the tire.
It 's a sign that it's getting thicker .
80 next'm going to show the thickness of the tire
You can think of it as 80mm, not 80mm, 150mm.
80 That procedure is an indication 120ml
In written that the next thing b'm going to show the meaning of bias tires
Bayer Star 2's radial tire is labeled as Al
Next time about the radials radial tires and buyer styles a little more
I will explain in detail.
Next to it, 16 indicates the diameter of the fill ,
It's a tire wheel.
It is widely used from 10 to 30 inches.
The sign "mc" marks the motorcycle resilience.
77 is the tire load index.
77 Sounds Approximately 1 Firefighter that can hold about 390 to 400 kilometers
That means.
Getting down to the weight of Utrecht You will find a little bit more would decrease
It's great that you choose the right tire technology
It's important.
H is displayed next to'm haneungeo speed index
In the case of Mr. a, about 210 km is the appropriate speed index
And that the show picked up and re-value al-jet attend attend remind you that the ride
These are the ties that can go from 270 to 300 times
I guess you can refer to it as
Tires, which is the most recent release is the best Lee's Thai
But still some American or off-road bikes have tube type
I am using
If you look closely at small things like 50 psi or 40
Let's tell the ps and so on
This psi is released when the maximum load is applied to the tie and you
That would mean it is to display the maximum permissible inflation pressure of tires dagger
But many people, if it says is 55 ps to clothes to matchusin plant
You know this is wrong.
From 70 to up to normal public station 80 Pro i.e. spirit of the tire
It is a good idea to match a 47-year-old foe between 35 p days .
Finally, one of the things to watch is the date of manufacture .
The date of manufacture is usually in the case of boxes, such as boxes,
I do.
This tire is also listed as the 6th of imaging
Pay utmost Two kkeokkuro under this vintage-digit display behind a kite
The first two digits indicate the production line.
Italy is going to go to the 12th year 2012 06 06th Chuvettel produced
If you know the markings of the billions of billions of tires,
No goblins.
Tires are very vulnerable to direct sunlight. Even if you get three ,
Reduced life expectancy
The high price of tires is a better sense of trust than a dry place.
Note please
Antimicrobial Riders Very close to safety No matter how important school politics are
Part is
Today know this information, the fact that they know little anyone has the interest
Things are
Check the side of the tire when you show the tire in the future.
I do not want to see the right tires for my feet
Now Im birth was dismissed from the motor to the site
U